Creating a new feature branch:

1. create a new feature branch.
	git switch -c <branchname>		create a new branch and switch to it

2. commit your work on the new "feature" branch (which doesn't effect the main branch).
	git push -u origin <branchname>			after done once you can use "git push"
	git add . 					stage commit 
	git commit -m "short-descriptive-note"		push commit
	
	-continue to add to the new feature with consistent commits with descriptive notes to track  	steps.

3. test the new functionality and have other developers review your work with the merge proposal on          GitHub.
	-in many cases, companies have at least two coworkers review the code then it can be merged.
	-create a pull request on GitHub from the new branch into main
	-share the pull request with your team
	-review pull request/ implement changes if needed/ push again to the pull request until it 	gets approved.


4. now merge the (reviewed) feature branch with the main branch.
	-make sure to 
	



Naming branches
It is good practice to use short descriptive names for your feature branches, e.g. "feature/contact-form". We recommend using hyphens as separators as they make the name more comfortable to read. If fixing a bug "fix/contact-form"



Git branch commands
command	functionality
git switch -c <branchname>	create a new branch and switch to it
git switch <branchname>	        switch branches
git branch	                list your branches
git branch -a	                list all branches (local and remote)
git branch -d <branchname>	delete a branch



Git Pull Request and Workflow 
A pull request is a request to merge one branch into another branch. Other developers review the PR and suggest changes. If a pull request is approved we can merge the feature branch into the main branch.

Basic Workflow for a pull request
1. Create a new branch with git switch -c <branchname>.
2. Make changes to the code / write your code fpr the feature.
3. Push the changes and the new branch with git push -u origin <branchname> (after you have done this once you can use git push for this branch)
4. Create a pull request on GitHub from the new branch into main
5. Share the pull request with your team
6. Review the pull request, implement changes if needed, push again to update the pull request until it gets approved
7. Merge the pull request into main
8. Don't forget to git pull inside the main branch on your local machine
9. Delete the new branch on GitHub and locally !!!

